And that he missed the call.
How did they allow memory?
And was never going to forget their dreams?
Yes sir.
So you say about that before I say to you what I just told you a few minutes ago.
So when I spoke to Lieutenant Brown, he indicated to me that it was this Colonel
who was making the objection.
And that apparently there was some reason for animus between him and between Shine.
I then did relate to this particular incident until Lieutenant Brown as I recall it.
And I know I mentioned it to a state member and it's a rundown on this Colonel's name.
And I might certainly have said that I remember the name or something like that.
Yes sir.
Well now this young man is here.
Now let's give him statements to call him.
This young man just arrived.
Did you say it?
The Colonel in the middle of the middle had made things very difficult for Pauline Shine.
Did you or did you not say that?
No sir, it's very cruel.
Now you're anxious, not just?
Yes sir.
And then I'm going on to tell you that it's very cruel a conversation with Lieutenant Brown said
that as far as he was concerned the thing was just a lot of nonsense
but the arrangement has been made.
He was working out fine, Shine was doing all of his training
and he wanted to spend his spare time doing his committee work.
That was fine with Lieutenant Brown.
He thought that was just fine.
But some other people out there did object to us that Colonel Ringman in particular.
And he said nothing to say anything to Paul about Colonel Ringman.
He seemed to have different views about the thing.
Mike Benzol, Lieutenant Brown as I recall this incident
was about Colonel Ringman.
And in connection with that, my very well-made statement about a long memory
of Lieutenant Brown says I did, I'm sure I did.
I'm sure he was not misrepresent.
You sure this young man was not misrepresent?
I'm sure he was not one of his representatives.
I think he's trying to recall a conversation just like some time ago with Fancy Tan.
It did take flight and such and I agree with him on what was said.
I'll read you further from Lieutenant Brown.
Just a moment.
The line is saying that he now sees...
Next day, Lieutenant Brown was...
He said he's doing no positions in the night, whatever it is, I'd rather do so.
As I say to this, there is an argument about certain terminology and things that were said.
I say in substance, I did call them.
The discussion was just as he said, the topic was contained.
There are few refinements on which we might disagree, which is only logical,
after the last of this period of time.
You know of no feeling or no animal that Brown could possibly have against you.
No sir, he might have. I know.
Well, he is disheartening. No sir, I certainly have none to attend.
He was not very, very good.
But the whole of us, you say, is dumbed out of the cage.
That these two officers, Colonel and Lieutenant, have not said...
When he cooperated with Bay Shanner, not treated him as you thought he should have been treated.
And that you had a long memory of the reins with lingering your mind indefinitely.
It was not a form of a threat against the Army.
You know, sir, certainly was not men in touch, it was not satisfaction,
it was said in the context which I've explained here.
I'm sure that Lieutenant Brown did not interpret it as such, sir.
As I say, my relationship with him was always very close.
I thought he was... I thought and I think he was a very nice guy.
I want to reach his father from the show, man, Mr. President.
835-20k. He can always have his death through Lieutenant Brown's murder and up this border of the release from KPB.
A lot of days, Jack.
That's what the call to touch on is about, sir.
The question was whether he was going to do it during the period of time.
Mr. Thavin's to say he was the available for the committee those two days a week.
Or whether he could do it by staying up some nights during the week when he was out there training.
And I told Lieutenant Brown that he testified here as far as I was concerned.
They could put him on K.T. every night in the week, all night long.
And how long he'd problem was to let him work on these reports when he was supposed to do it.
Under the arrangements made by Mr. Thavin.
I think it's the call whether or not this statement is correct.
Yes, it's the UNIPE first from the testimony of Lieutenant Brown.
No, sir.
Mr. Colno, that's the particular day you never mentioned the committee work.
He did say that what we wanted to do was private shine from Monday to Friday with DOC as far as he was concerned.
That's right.
But he didn't see why private shine had to prove he's beyond funding.
Did you say that, Mr. Colno?
So, so what happened, as far as saying what that I didn't hear what they did with them Monday to Friday,
or they could put him on as much K.T. or keep him up all night, that's true, sir.
As far as not mentioning committee work, I believe the lieutenant said, mistaken about that,
every time I talk to him about the shine thing was about committee work.
I never talked to him about anything else, and I don't think he suggested I fit.
I don't think I gave him a detailed description of just what work he was supposed to do or anything like that.
But he knew what it was about, sir, and I knew what it was about.
Did you ask me to send him blind or make a statement to me to send him blind to the effect
if you didn't see why shine has to prove he's been giving on Sunday, Mr. Colno?
Not so what I said to him, I believe.
Why is that correct?
What he said to me was not correct.
Well, sir, it's very hard to say that it's not correct.
Where are we?
We say you didn't say it.
So, I'm in almost no control of contingency.
Sir, it's so much here a matter of terminology.
I agree completely.
But the substance of what was in it's land set, I agree that I called them.
I agreed just what was in him on just what the discussion was about.
The discussion was about seeking to the arrangement that has been made and was working out fine,
which would allow shine during his note training series on Sunday to work on these reports and do this committee work.
I did tell the Senate's last, but we would like that arrangement to be with us,
that if they wanted to stick them on KT or anything else all night long Monday through Friday,
that was perfectly okay with that.
That's unsatisfactory what I said and that was true.
Do you remember conversations that the Saturn was on January 11th in its home?
No sir.
On January 11th?
January 11th?
No sir.
Do you recall that the Adam's testimony, irrespective of conversation you had with him on that day?
I don't recall I said to refresh my recollectionites.
They were.
I'm meeting from page 2605 of the records.
The Adam's yesterday.
We said the Army had promised shy in a commission and they're not nailed up to it.
I'm talking about a conversation in which Mr. Adam says that you were humiliated.
A number of Army are in the Steven's double coffee.
He says it was like today's guy.
Does he ever have such a conversation with Adam?
On this day he is just asking about Mr. James.
Can I do a real effort?
No I don't have any recollection of that.
I'm a question of the commission.
Mr. Adam says tell me and other people understand that the car and Senator McCarthy,
that's it.
Shine were not who he was, who he is and was and did not come from this committee,
but he would have been given a commission.
What does that mean that you were talking to Adam about a commission relationship with Shine?
No sir.
I think it was just a discussion about something in the fraud that's been picked and what would have happened
and what could have happened with Shine.
Why not a guy from the McCarthy commission?
You were just together talking?
Yes sir.
You said nothing.
Senator said nothing.
No, it's hard that nothing about a commission to lose more in Adam's business.
Out of a clear room.
And said to the commission if he's been given a jet speed.
No sir, it wasn't.
It's probably worth not a clear bloom to say.
It's hard to give you this whole sector.
We saw Mr. Adam and talked with him.
Day in and day out over a period of months.
He was with us professionally, socially, and every other way.
Talk them on the phone all of the time.
Just about everybody and everything we knew.
All of our mutual friends, people we knew, things were talked about by us at one time on a...
You know, a meeting day, sure.
Absolutely.
I wonder if you wouldn't have said it in just about here.
It's 26.5 and we've seen you move 8.0.
You're a late.
Alligators didn't go.
That's 26.5 and 26.5.
He says the army is promised shying and commissioning the rest and has not lived up to 8.
Did you say that in his phone?
I'm not a patient sir.
Yes sir.
All on EDHs.
I think Mr. Adam tonight has discussed the fact that when General Reba came in, he said on the merit.
On the basis of shying qualifications, the service and the army transport services.
The work he's done with this committee is business experience, university degree and everything else.
There was no doubt in the world that he was in the title for a commission.
Mr. Adam fifth element, that the reason he did not get the commission was because they didn't want to be criticized by the hostile press and the shying were not shying.
One of the penalties of being who he was was that he did not get the commission.
That is true sir.
When your answer is in the affirmative, you did say that the army promised shying and commissioning the rest and has not lived up to 8.
We had no significant inter-alarmity.
It looked like it's home.
Well we talked to Mr. Adam.
The last is discussion not once but I remember two or three times but we about why shying did not get a commission.
It was laid back in the past and Mr. Adam very frankly told us why he did not get a commission.
I know it is next year that now.
Adam said that he said the army of former shying and commissioning them did not live up to 8.
Now, as I understand it, you say that's correct Mr. Adam.
Well, did that lie to you?
In order to move along this period.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, not trying to move along with him.
Moving along this, this called what you testimony in your testimony about that period.
And don't three years to make it true and don't say no in this period.
I think it might my testimony in that period.
There were two or three occasions when the reason that shying did not get a commission were discussed with Mr. Adam.
In those discussions, Mr. Adam made it, we've missed Mr. Adam made it very clear that the reason shying had been turned down was
before the who he was and the fact that he came from this committee.
I know those discussions did take place.
I can't say, sir, that's in the context in which you give it,
that I or anybody else made a special issue out of saying to Mr. Adam that's back in July.
They should have given shying and commission and didn't give them a commission.
Certainly, what was mentioned until the three occasions in the form of talk about an event long since then.
And I agree with that, sir.
Yes.
I do not recall it January 11th.
Mr. Adam, my questions in Mr. Adam's was,
they extend you a new very serious little call to him that he's been playing the Army of Given Shines.
And the Adam's in response to that said that you said the Army of Thomas Shining commission and the Mothless Upcade was a number call.
Exactly.
It's curiously that the wiring crew are left in the same conversation.
I bet that he's not from there not.
I'll leave this January 11th.
The best thing I can give you is what I have to do.
That there was this discussion between Mr. Adam and us on two or three occasions about what it happens about the commission.
We never asked him to get Shining commission.
We never asked to tell him anyway the thing was the close book as far as we were concerned.
But why the Army of Thomas Shining commission?
Well, by the word Thomas, I say sir, the general reason that the first time he came in,
when he heard Shining's call of vacation, he didn't hesitate to touch before he said,
yes, there's no doubt about it.
He isn't siloed for commission.
And you consider the fact that Shining was not given the commission,
and he just did the Shining and Mr. Cohn, I would say sir, sir.
Yes.
I would say what?
Did you consider him a double call?
I would say, sir.
Did you say to General, I just wanted to give you what the fact was.
General Lee, a man comes in and says on the merit he is entitled for it.
Yes, there's no doubt about it.
Then he doesn't get it.
What do you want to call about a double call?
They change a sign in justice or whatever you want to call it, sir.
I don't know.
They got to wait half.
Adam's father says that he's a lady with the comments of New York assignments for Shining
and there's not news up to it.
I'm January 11th.
What do you think about that, sir?
No, sir.
I say as you go on and read about this business about Shining from the weeknight of the
Elevatority, changing.
You're changing?
What a weekend constipated and all that.
That of those things from south only worked with Scott between the two of them and between
us.
Yes, sir.
I would agree with that.
I would agree that you make the statement that you've been promised a New York assignment
for Shining, is the Army not the case that they've been using?
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not going to say so on or forth.
You're denied.
I'll take it.
I have to know the subject now.
Is the New Marais Justice Commission?
Yes, sir.
And you just filed about that.
When he says number two he is.
Let you claim that Shining has been a promise to New York assignments and it not made
work for that another.
A different subject?
Yes, sir.
What about that now?
I'm sorry.
Now I was saying that that's inaccurate.
That's inaccurate.
Yes, sir.
You denied that statement.
Yes, I was saying that's inaccurate.
Number three.
Let's say that they have a handful of Shining weeks not available to these.
What do you say about that?
I give the reenactment.
You're not accurate, sir.
That's accurate.
All right.
They have.
Yes, sir.
I'll have them done that.
General Lyon made an arrangement.
Mr. Adam, put it up with General Lyon.
General Lyon made an arrangement whereby spare members can go down and see it.
On the post and all that and put a conference room if they had to fall home.
That was satisfactory.
That's the care of the problem.
The next number is that we will require Shining to meet Saturday morning.
He did 50 years with the double call.
That's that weekend discussion, yes sir.
All right.
Is that accurate?
Yes, sir.
We discussed the changing in the terms of the weekend.
What's Mr. Adam?
All right.
That is X number.
That's the 60K statement of November 13th.
He's saying that up to him, man.
On January 11th.
So I'm not saying anything.
Wait a minute.
I'm asking you now, sir.
Is he waiting what do you, what do you claim he told him up to the numbers of the conference?
I'm not the 60K statement of November 13th.
The 60K was referred to perviscuitly and our report model was the double call.
Did you say that?
Sir, maybe I don't understand.
Are you if he did I in a specific conversation on January 11th?
Or on the other side?
Yes, I certainly might have, I certainly suggest Mr. Adam.
The secretary's statement of November 13th.
I told Mr. Adam that I saw this statement was unfortunate because it was untrue.
I told him that the statement on FBNR I just thought one was untrue.
I told him that Mr. Seven's statement about why the 30 odd people had been suspended with untrue.
And I certainly did consider that, sir, to be a holy untrue and inaccurate statement.
And one with which I disagree.
And I did discuss that with both Mr. Adam and Mr. Seven.
And the Mr. Adam said I discussed that.
And what I thought they had been wrong in that.
And I had made untrue statements that Mr. Adam is telling the truth about that, sir.
Yes, and strictly.
He's humiliated, fixed, and late double causes, but he turned double causes.
And now he says he stated on January 11th.
This long repeat kept Gordon was a fixed double cause.
No, sir.
Definitely impossible to be unjustly scolding, sir.
As I can say, is this the discussion about Sam Gordon.
Mr. Adam's gave a different verse on the length of time.
Shine would be down there on a number of occasions.
I don't believe, sir, that I ever said is the change version is constituted as double cause or anything like that.
And on his subject, Mr. Jenkins, I would go further.
If Mr. Adam was listening here, things which I have discussed with him, where I thought that, in my opinion, he was maybe with the wrong opinion.
He was quite wrong.
And if some things which should come under the heading of things will be unfair and unjust by certainly.
What if we counted what they were trying to do to General Watten?
I would have recounted a large number of other things which I thought and still think.
Has been handled by Mr. Adam in a way that was not fair and not accurate.
So I would say that the flip is probably incomplete.
And with Sam, in the funny case, the tragedy of falling into the home, the serious conversation that those two states had achieved,
that you were quite animated to use your expression.
Yes, sir.
And use that impurity and unseem language.
Is that true or not?
I don't even remember the conversations.
I remember the conversations.
On the... I do remember discussing these things which we'd gone down the list about, was Mr. Adam.
I can add to it. I think he was on the conservative side and mentioned.
So we had animated discussions about what they were trying to do to General Watten.
We had a discussion about the pile-stripping situation.
We had discussions about a number of other things in which they were animated discussions and disagreements between us.
There were a lot of things.
The start felt very long period of time.
The start here.
What happens when Mr. Adam told you this morning was like, you go, we'll see you in the school?
I believe I've related that, sir.
If you want me to do that again, I will.
Well, I like to get this one grip, given the type of ice cube about that.
Here to four, and it's made these that I have.
Yes, sir.
This out of this, it can be used as the changes were, now I'm the one that he was going over to, he's in him out.
Didn't happen that way, sir.
Didn't happen that way.
No, sir.
How did it happen?
Mr. Adam came over to see Mr. Carr and me.
I believe he fixed the date of January 14th, and I have no reason to argue with that, sir.
A lot of things, just about everything, was talked about.
The personal things, the law partnerships, a lot of other things.
Stopping the investigation of Monmouth, not crawling in the members of the loyalty board.
We went out for lunch, we came back, there was more talk, it was entirely pleasant throughout.
It was during that visit, which Mr. Adam's case has, that he throughout this business about sending him sending Cheyenne over to the city.
And I think, sir, I might respectfully suggest a few in the committee.
For example, examine the context in which that would say to a regarded as the most unusual fate.
When Mr. Adam was to come out and make, on that occasion, one not supported by the fact,
and one which I think clearly indicates the process for which he was making the statement at that time.
We know the Cheyenne was going to go to Cancors, we're going to get training as a, the ID agent,
so there's some of these intelligence schools.
And that's his overseas show, it's probably coming sometime later.
And Mr. Adam threw that in right then there at this point, I think, sir, as an example of how he could get met.
And I think the record fairs that out.
I went to the entrance because I think this is an important point.
I showed you the inconsistencies between Mr. Adam and testimony before this committee.
When he said that this overseas business just came out of a thin air,
but just brought up by him out of a thin air, and his original charge in which he admits,
coupled on that visit, which he initiated, in which he admits,
coupled the statement about Cheyenne going over these, with a discussion about the fourth month investigation.
And I think his original statement is the true one.
You would recall Mr. Cohn that seems to be satisfied that he's that he's shining over his feet,
even through a spectriscatier higher than the state of the state.
Did you know?
No, sir.
Did you see anything like that, Mr. Cohn?
No, sir, and I thought that my recollection is right there.
Not, and I thought that Mr. Cohn was sitting there the whole time, and he said, I did not.
When you say that such a statement on the part of Mr. Adam,
it's really efficient that he's imagination.
There has no foundation whatsoever in fact.
I would say, sir, he is in the state.
He's in the state.
Yes sir.
On when he says a say, is your check in?
On page 26, so it's 6, so it's 6, so it's 6, so it's 6.
Yes sir, that is right.
I ask him what would happen to Cheyenne going over these duties.
He responded with bigger and more.
Even Mr. Cohn is the army.
You say I didn't have Mr. Cohn?
I said, I have no recollection of having said that.
I checked with Mr. Cohn, who was sitting right there, and he said, I did not say it.
On the school, I'm not asking you what somebody else said.
The shoes did it, it did not say.
As I am the civil moment of gold, you said that did not happen?
Yes sir.
And as I am the civilized to sponsor my procedure, you have no recollection of that.
I don't recall that having happened.
I don't remember saying that, and I have checked with the only other person in this world who was there.
And he said, likewise, he does not remember it being said, and does not remember it having happened.
As we get offended Mr. Cohn, you're not here tonight either of your own knowledge.
Sir, I can come pretty close to that.
I know what they are.
That's pretty close as a relative to us.
Sometimes you mean to mean to mean to a whole lot of them.
Sure.
And sometimes you'll several feet mean nothing.
I must say now, as I get your testimony, you neither admit me to ni, saying that, say, Stevens is through the Secretary of the Army of the Civil War time.
And I was over-seeking.
You know that's not how it's told.
No, so I think I go much further than that.
I've given it to you sir.
It's my best recollection and my recollection is a fairly good one.
That I did not make those statements.
I told you I've checked with the only other person on this earth who was there.
But he says I did not make those statements, sir.
And I can tell you under my old tears that I never, I never threatened to wreck the Army.
That I'm sure Mr. Adams never believed the two seconds that I threatened to wreck the Army.
But I'm sure he knows I could not wreck the Army.
That the whole thing is just a little bit ridiculous.
So now, as we get it to keep the night, you affirm it.
I say you've got no recollection.
Now, let's get it from the side.
That's number one.
I have pretty good recollection.
Number two, I remember that day.
Number three, I do not remember saying any of those things the way Mr. Adams has them.
And number four, I've checked with the only other person who was there on that occasion.
And he says my recollection is correct that I did not make those statements.
Now, you're telling us what must you think, how to say it?
Yes, sir.
And I will know in the committee wants to know for the benefit of this recollection, Mr. I am clone-said.
And as I get it now, you're saying that you have no recollection at it?
No, sir.
I say I do not recall having said that.
That's what I get to answer.
Now, you don't recall having said it.
But you don't deny.
So I'm saying I sure I did not say that.
I am sure I'm not.
Now, you're saying you did not say this, cool?
Yes, sir.
I say I assure that I did not make that statement.
And I am sure that Mr. Adams and anybody else with any sense that Mr. Adams has a lot of sense could not ever believe that I was threatening directly on me or that I could correct the army.
I say so that statement is ridiculous.
I'm talking about the season 2 secretaries in that equally ridiculous statement.
I know two.
Yes, sir.
Equally ridiculous and unsure.
I should not call the President of the United States to remove Mr. Steven's secretaries of the Army.
Mr. Coleman, I pay to you.
Strike that.
Take the test to fight our defense comrades, Heidi.
Yes, sir.
At that time, you were questioned about the many words that was done by Mr. Shine.
I think he was inducted in the Army on the room of the third.
Yes, sir.
And about the many words that he did tie it on the room of the third.
And if he was to testify that the subsequent in the room of the third, I think he was inducted in the Army.
And how he was on these various pages, the leaves of options, his indicated shippings memorandum.
That's not correct.
He does not hear me.
I'll have you correct this.
What is correct there is this.
I might say that neither I nor Dave Shine or anyone in that state as a matter of practice goes around dictating a lot of memorandum.
I thought, sir, that what Shine did when Staggs was thoughtful and when he was all thrown to a number of categories.
One of the things he did was to clarify and turn all the information which he might have in his head,
which he might be able to get by reference to papers which we showed him concerning witnesses and situations on which he had worked when he was with the committee.
I also told you, sir, that he did a good deal of work on the interim, the three interim reports which I mentioned of the subcommittee and on certain sections of the annual report of the subcommittee.
That is the substance to what he did during that very limited period of time that he had all three of his army training sets.
And that's what I told you that he did, sir, and that is when he did so.
Mr. Cohn hearing this time that he resolved on these pages, he said,
Did he take any memorandum or whatever?
It's just work on these three interim reports to which he referred.
I don't think he himself did say anything, sir, in the way of memorandum and nothing.
Did you or any member of the staff dictate any memorandum as a result of your conversations with the shindering these leads of absences or pites?
That's not a problem, sir.
Yes, sir.
And we, I might say, we will have available to testify, staff members who have talked to them,
and I assume they're checking their files and we'll be able to show you whether or not there are any memorandum which they prepared,
an information which Dave Shind gave them.
Mr. Jenkins, on that point, a typical thing would be we would ask him about a certain situation,
one which occurred to me very clearly with the situation concerning this major.
Major, well, I know if I had to mention this major, this major, Dave Shind, from Dave Shind and Handle before he went in the army,
was given us some pretty important information which it never meant to us to write.
I thought the Dave about that information when it became an issue, some time in November,
send them a coffee tour from about it.
I did not make any memorandum about what Dave told me.
I know the son of it, isn't it?
I know that the same thing came up again in January when this major committed suicide.
The FBI asked me about it.
They knew that Shind had been in touch with this man, and I communicated with Shind again and rechecked my recollection of what Shind had told us.
But I don't think I'm an education I made any memorandum, sir.
And I don't think the son of it is.
On the other hand, you do have these reports.
And I can't tell you that there are no notes by Shind and things like that because I know that there are.
I know he worked on these reports.
I know we have the end product of what he produced.
And we might have parts of the drafts and things going on all the time.
That is cool. You produced a positive end product.
Yes, sir.
How was Dave Shind accomplish?
I think he went in the army on the Wimbledon Third.
Yes.
In your testimony, life's life is in you not.
And that's consistently the least three interim reports.
Yes, sir.
I'm nothing else.
So, I'll have to answer.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm not in position to judge.
Judge, you sit most of them arrived in the land.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Gomes.
Do there any other evidence?
For documentation.
Reflecting the work of Dave Shind accepts those three documents that you produced, J.L.I. by me.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I think that we found we did not keep them, fortunately.
So, we did not keep all the drafts.
But let us delete documents.
We do not drafts or fragments of drafts of some of these reports.
Some were dictated by Dave Shind before he went in, and after he went in, we have some notes which were made by him on drafts of those reports.
I think while he was down at four six specifically, it was beginning in January.
A few things along those lines, sir.
And you have my sworn testimony as what he says to what he did.
And you will have the sworn testimony under Altier, and subject to cross examination of other staff members who talked to him on the question of what he did in that very limited time.
We're talking about when he was doing his army training at the same time.
Now, what is this modern understanding, life's strategy that between Friday and Tuesday morning this morning?
New and other staff members in your employee needs, second days, to not overuse, were to set the files and produce the evidence this morning in any documentation of any additional work done by Shind.
So, I think what you answered to do was to propose for the committee work done by Shind, or things worked done by Shind in any stage from the time he went with the committee to July to time he went on the army from the time he went on the army up until the first time.
You said make that direction and answer me for the other things.
Are you prepared to do it now?
Yes, sir, I am.
To produce additional documents, data, and power of the Shind.
Yes, sir.
Our other members of the staff members who are involved with their conversations with Shind.
Yes, sir, I see the details now. It's cool.
Thank you.
Tomorrow, we're searching for the records and while we have this opportunity, let's return to our studios across the country to permit our station to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Our resulting matter for 15 minutes by our moment of search, we could proceed at 30 seconds.
We should be here in two minutes.
Maybe we haven't had the many of you thought of asking about it someone when I'm staying together.
I'll proceed at 30 seconds.
I'm asking you to come. This is a two-a-feet minute meeting.
It's now 10 to 15 minutes. Let's get back.
Fine.